we were very happy in 2012 when with it
fire brigade convention could do everything
yield have then but small
team did a lot and the story of the
fire brigade and quadrants
can tell the model
we are now further and we have
jobs described by the
academy for leadership and talent
security regions spread over it
country
we now have 15 new colleagues
can welcome and then we go with
two teams set to work on a larger one
group to take the next step
we are going to make a theme 10 I am going with the
exploration to work and and
implementation team
who will help regions and theme team
reconnaissance
is going to do further research that goes
further practical experiences together
bring about the way we are
explore how we are going
signals from the building of the people and
of the fire and how
let's make a choice for the tactics
as it is in the quadrant ii model
described
the implementation team goes regions
help implement the
quadrant model both with
professional competence as with procedures and
both risk management and
incident response are two
important topic by
because of course the model doesn't work
just about fighting but the model
is also about preventing a fire
yes absolutely society is becoming more complex
the incidents that we want to prevent
and combat become more complex and there
we need other ways
in line with what we do to the
also safe and effective in the coming period
prevent burning and
and that safety is needed
is that unfortunately have in recent years
a number of accidents have been demonstrated
so we will have this sharp
to keep it safe and effective
stay
you see the fire department doctrine and it
can then add model to a few places
already come back and see the preparation
for example the quadrants model
tunnels and have risk management and
incident management
found each other and the fire department doctrine
gives a new language to talk together
about to complex incidents
throw the street and you will see the quadrants
modeling exercises and when deploying
come back more often
this is my way to choose it
helps us to be careful
and think
which tactics we will use with this
incident that the war did not all
and that will be something for the coming time
continue to expand and with each other
to see what further need
to do
yes but it is a difficult concept and
for me it is the bookcase in which the
books are behind the theory
describe a fire department and then not
really in books but in it
also examine practical experience
on which we base our performance until now
we have a lot at the
fire department doctrine about internal fire
the quadrant model is the first
result of our doctrine
But in the coming years we will too
theories and experience other than many
record more about water accidents or
accident prevention dangerous
substances on technical assistance and
ultimately an all theory behind it
and collect the fire department
bring each other together and that becomes difficult
begins fire brigade doctrine
called
This year we will take a number of issues
draw attention
we get started with exploration and the
implementation of the Quran
the regions we will be visible on
the fire brigade congress and we want it
organize some workshops
actually our goal is that we are this year
take steps on it on one side
subject exploration
we deliver that at the end of the year
everyone on risk management and
incident prevention really from it
know the quadrants model so that we can
each other can continue on one
safe and effective fire fighting